https://github.com/d12frosted/homebrew-emacs-plus#emacs-27-and-emacs-28-options
    Installed Emacs 28 via homebrew using the options to include jansson (faster lsp json) and xwidgets
    for opening browsers within emacs. I haven't managed to make xwidgets browser work yet. Issue 202 suggests
    it might be Emacs 27-only as of July 2020. Try again some other time.

homepage
    overview
        lsp-ivy: workspace functions
    setup: 
        installation: see use-package example
        performance: Describes various steps to improve and test performance. This is the first page you should visit before and after
                     installation, as json serialization needs to be included at compile time. Some steps are already configured in my
                     init.el. The non-MS Python language server is noted as being particularly slow.
                     lsp-diagnose
                     Reporting performance issues
        additional settings: See section on formatting, which is limited to tab spacing
    settings:
        *lsp-log* buffer
        lsp-enable-snippet
        lsp-auto-guess-root
        lsp-session-file
        lsp-eldoc-render-all
        lsp-eldoc-enable-hover
        lsp-enable-xref
        lsp-diagnostic-package
        lsp-enable-indentation
        lsp-enable-on-type-formatting
        lsp-before-save-edits
        lsp-enable-imenu
        lsp-imenu*
        lsp-response-timeout
        lsp-server-trace
        lsp-semantic-highlighting
        lsp-signature-auto-activate
        lsp-signature-render-documentation
    keybindings: start with s-l (s is cmd on macos)
    faq:
        servers generate their own error buffers
        install yasnippet for completion?
    troubleshooting:
        *lsp-log*
        lsp-describe-session shows project roots, started servers, and server capabilities

lsp-find-references
lsp-find-definition


lsp signature render documentation: signature documentation in eldoc
lsp eldoc enable hover: hover info
lsp eldoc render all: all hover info or just symbol

lsp ui doc alignment: window or frame (when lsp ui doc position is top or bottom)
lsp ui doc include signature: signature/type in frame
lsp ui doc position: top bottom or point
lsp ui doc use childframe

With yasnippet:
Parameter completion works as follows:
Autocompleting a function sometimes inserts it with all of its parmaeters
and the ability to insert a value for one, then jump to the next, and so on.
Not all functions do this. Those with two arguments do seem to.
Currently in nvim-r/coc.nvim (neovim), a simple tab after the opening parenthesis
will bring up a list of parameter names.
In contrast, the default settings in emacs go as follows. For the first named argument in python, begin to type the letter and the param will show up to complete. Follow its values by a comma (space optional),then press tab. The completion will now include and be limited to a list of parameters. Note that improper syntax such as name=, (i.e., with no value) will halt parameter completion. As you add arguments, positional or named, the completion list shrinks. It may exclude unused parameters if you don't use signature order, though perhaps that can be tweaked. See e.g. os.fdopen().
as you fill in named/positional parameters, your completion list shrinks.